bus me and my bus me all across the u.s.
yeah leaving damn seen the dust me and
my bus me and my bus it's just me and my
be us I'll cross the u.s. hey I'm
leaving Tennessee in the dust me and my
bus Gus
what are you doing I saw Melissa
Peterman come in in her car I'm gonna
jump out I'm gonna get that in her
nobody's gonna give me nothing I gotta
go out and get it I Melissa Peterman and
you're watching the singing bee on CMT
oh my god ma'am ma'am ma'am are you all
right oh my god she's got crutches they
hit a cripple oh my god that's gonna be
the headline oh we get Alyssa Peterman
smashes crippled with Carl good ma'am
ma'am are you are you breathing um oh my
god this clearly she's a prostitute to
this is a gun look good uh I'm so sorry
ma'am ma'am how you can angel all right
ma'am where's that Melissa Peterman how
would you know um voice out of no wire I
notice sorry by Melissa Peterman well
actually I also hit you so I am really
really sorry it was like I didn't see
you it was like you know all of a sudden
you were just right there and you're on
pitches to and clearly you are
struggling to make ends meet with this
outfit and I I hate you I I feel awful
could I call somebody or or I'll get an
ambulance I have a phone here I can I
can call 911 I mean oh you're good you
can get up I mean I mom my neck hurts oh
I'm you know what I'll pay for whatever
if it would be and I you will look we
should call a doctor um I know what a
lot of people will be at
your money I'm not well I I mean I don't
have a lot and we lost a lot in that you
know the recession inside me but I could
I could definitely i could probably get
you know I could get Reba to what call
you oh my god yo no listen this is what
I need what if I just interviewed you
that's it yeah I just all I hit you with
my car and all you want is an interview
mini confession I saw you at the grocery
store really wanted to interview you
followed you out here we are okay I I
think I get it I think I get it you um I
don't know stock me William and then
followed me home from the grocery store
or whatever and somehow got in front of
me and then jumped out in front of my
car almost making me have a heart attack
because I think I killed some poor
crippled prostitute oh so you could just
meet me yeah that's pretty much it right
on the nose that is the sweetest thing
that anybody has ever did for that this
really speaks so I can interview you I
yeah of course should we go to your
house
ah
I'm just here Tom